enh(release): Add Centreon Web 20.10.10 RN (#897)
centreon/centreon-documentation: fr/releases/centreon-core.md

## Centreon Web

### 20.10.10

#### Enhancements

- [Authentication] Improve centreonAuth.SSO.class for OpenId connection

#### Bugfixes

- [Administration] LDAP search fails
- [Configuration] Changing a Remote Server's IP address converts it into a simple Poller
- [Configuration] Editing service template removes relations with servicegroups
- [Configuration] Only first servicegroup linked to a service template is exported
- [Core] Unserialize in CentreonUtils is blocked by QualityGate
- [Core] Update copyright date
- [Graph] Can't get a graph with autologin key

> - [LDAP] Fixed LDAP auto-sync always skip

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [LDAP] Fixed LDAP's auto-sync is always skipped
```

- [LDAP] LDAP's My account issue

> - [Platform Topology] CLAPI add Instance don't add poller into platform_topology table

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Platform Topology] CLAPI's add Instance doesn't add a poller into the platform_topology table
```

> - [Platform Topology] Json Schema isn't validate in POST endpoint

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Platform Topology] JSON Schema isn't validated in the POST endpoint
```
